Implement CLI / Config with Cobra / Viper (#1043)
ansible/receptor: docs/source/user_guide/connecting_nodes.rst

   :local:

> Connect nodes via receptor backends. TCP, UDP, and websockets are currently supported. For example, ``tcp-peers`` can be used to connect to another node's ``tcp-listeners``, and ``ws-peers`` can be used to connect to another node's ``ws-listeners``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect nodes through Receptor backends.
TCP, UDP, and websockets are currently supported.
For example, you can connect one Receptor node to another using the ``tcp-peers`` and ``tcp-listeners`` configuration options.
Similarly you can connect Receptor nodes using the ``ws-peers`` and ``ws-listeners`` configuration options.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    tcp-listeners:
      - port: 2222
        cost: 1.0
        nodecost:
          bar: 1.6
          fish: 2.0

This means packets sent to `fish` have a cost of 2.0, whereas packets sent to `bar` have a cost of 1.6. If `haz` joined the mesh, it would get a cost of 1.0 since it's not in the nodecost map.

> The costs on the two ends of the connection must match. For example, the ``tcp-peers`` on `fish` must have a cost of 2.0, otherwise the connection will be refused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The costs on both ends of the connection must match.
For example, the ``tcp-peers`` configuration on ``fish`` must have a cost of ``2.0``, otherwise the connection will be refused.
```
